Add cloud get started content (#1289)
reimagined/resolve: docs/cloud-get-started.md

---
id: cloud-get-started
title: Getting Started
---

## Register on the ReSolve Cloud Platform

Go to the [admin.resolve.sh](https://admin.resolve.sh) page, click **Sign Up** and follow through the registration process. After registration, you will gain access to your personal admin panel.

## Install the ReSolve CLI

Type the following command to install the reSolve cloud CLI to your application.

```bash
yarn global add resolve-cloud
```

> After this, use the CLI to authenticate to the reSolve Cloud Platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to use the CLI to authenticate to the reSolve Cloud Platform:
```

> The next step is to use the CLI to authenticate to the reSolve Cloud Platform:

Reviewer: to authenticate WHAT to the resolve cloud platform?

Author: I think, I choose a wrong word. Changed to "to log in to the reSolve Cloud Platform"

```bash
resolve-cloud login
```

> The CLI will ask you for you account credential and establish an authentication session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI will ask you for you account credentials and establish an authentication session.
```

## Create a ReSolve Application

> Create a reSolve application. For this tutorial, you can use one of examples that come with the reSolve framework.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "for this tutorial"? what tutorial? is the user supposed to create a tutorial?

Author: I mean, "To go through this tutorial" (the tutorial that we are editing)

> Create a reSolve application. For this tutorial, you can use one of examples that come with the reSolve framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a reSolve application. For this tutorial, you can use one of the examples that come with the reSolve framework.
```
